=head1 NAME

Net::Heroku - Heroku API

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Heroku API

Requires Heroku account - free @ L<http://heroku.com>

=head1 USAGE

    my $h = Net::Heroku->new(api_key => ...);
    my %res = $h->create;

    $h->add_config(name => $res{name}, BUILDPACK_URL => ...);
    $h->restart(name => $res{name});

    say $_->{name} for $h->apps;

    $h->destroy(name => $res{name});


    warn 'Error:' . $h->error                     # Error: App not found.
      if not $h->destroy(name => $res{name});

    if (!$h->destroy(name => $res{name})) {
      my %err = $h->error;
      warn "$err{code}, $err{message}";           # 404, App not found.
    }

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

    my $h = Net::Heroku->new(api_key => $api_key);

Requires api key. Returns Net::Heroku object.

=head2 apps

    my @apps = $h->apps;

Returns list of hash references with app information

=head2 destroy

    my $bool = $h->destroy(name => $name);

Requires app name.  Destroys app.  Returns true if successful.

=head2 create

    my $app = $h->create;

Creates a Heroku app.  Accepts optional hash list as values, returns hash list.  Returns empty list on failure.

=head2 add_config

    my %config = $h->add_config(name => $name, config_key => $config_value);

Requires app name.  Adds config variables passed in hash list.  Returns hash config.

=head2 config

    my %config = $h->config(name => $name);

Requires app name.  Returns hash reference of config variables.

=head2 add_key

    my $bool = $h->add_key(key => ...);

Requires key.  Adds ssh public key.

=head2 keys

    my @keys = $h->keys;

Returns list of keys

=head2 remove_key

    my $bool = $h->remove_key(key_name => $key_name);

Requires name associated with key.  Removes key.

=head2 ps

    my @processes = $h->ps(name => $name);

Requires app name.  Returns list of processes.

=head2 run

    my $process = $h->run(name => $name, command => $command);

Requires app name and command.  Runs command once.  Returns hash response.

=head2 restart

    my $bool = $h->restart(name => $name);
    my $bool = $h->restart(name => $name, ps => $ps, type => $type);

Requires app name.  Restarts app.  If ps is supplied, only process is restarted.

=head2 stop

    my $bool = $h->stop(name => $name, ps => $ps, type => $type);

Requires app name.  Stop app process.

=head2 releases

    my @releases = $h->releases(name => $name);
    my %release  = $h->releases(name => $name, release => $release);

Requires app name.  Returns list of hashrefs.
If release name specified, returns hash.

=head2 rollback

    my $bool = $h->rollback(name => $name, release => $release);

Rolls back to a specified releases

=head2 error

    my $message = $h->error;
    my %err     = $h->error;

In scalar context, returns error message from last request

In list context, returns hash with keys: code, message.

If the last request was successful, returns empty list.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojo::UserAgent>, L<http://mojolicio.us/perldoc/Mojo/UserAgent#DEBUGGING>, L<https://api-docs.heroku.com/>

=head1 SOURCE

L<http://github.com/tempire/net-heroku>

=head1 VERSION

0.04

=head1 AUTHOR

Glen Hinkle C<tempire@cpan.org>
